I'd love to be the first support in na
to become a VP but it'll be a pretty
hard race between like the other
candidates we're completely done with
week six as we close out this interview
with smoothy we close up the day with
smoothie with coverage presented of
course by Omni slash as usual smoothie
it's been an interesting weekend for you
guys you lost yesterday to 100 thieves
you won today so what's kind of going on
with the team well 100 these game it was
wasn't close obviously we got kind of
smashed I think I dropped it a bit off I
didn't feel like we could do anything
besides like force five fives and if you
try to fight you have a Gallio mid who
can always follow there engages at any
point so the game was just really hard
for us yeah so fix a lot of those
problems for today against clutch and it
ended up being pretty good for us and
then of course you had the battle for a
first place last week that unfortunately
you lost against echo fox
what do you why do you think you lost
there well I mean they're a good team I
think that the top man Geronimo
specially are doing extremely well now
and the volumes are really good like
just solid players but yeah who needs
just uh some magic I don't know how you
can play the osteo versus Kamil Gallio
and kha'zix and get away with it like
it's just absurd to me but he's a really
good player so respect well I'm glad you
brought that up because there has been a
frequent discussion about MVP that has
been circulating bubbling throughout the
LCS and a lot of people are voting or
saying that they would vote for who knee
dart hawk is in the mix but your name as
well as in the mix for that I'm kind of
curious what do you think of the fact
that a lot of people are throwing your
name in the mix for MVP obviously it's
pretty cool I was like any LCS like top
team like two splits back and I'll spell
pretty nice but I've never been like an
MVP candidate and yeah he's pretty cool
but I'm not gonna get Alistar not much
anymore which is kind of unfortunate
it's always good Bend now so I'm only
Brom Duty these days and you know good
luck getting recognized as a bran player
right and so yeah they open okay I've
been playing okay recently people have
been
adapting well to the meta and it's been
a lot harder but I think those players
that were recognized like dar dog and
who need definitely deserve that uh uh
that phrase and they're really good
players and whoever it gets it gets it
well I'm glad you brought up the effect
that you were mentioning the Brom
situation because you know hooni is
obviously playing really well but it's a
top laner who gets to play kind of these
aggressive champions and that is a
seemingly much easier way to look flashy
and have an interesting play style for
the fans and the analysts and everybody
then when your support and sometimes you
have to play what's best for the team do
you feel as though support players are
kind of unfairly handicapped in their
ability to in MVP because of sort of the
playstyle and and the role that they
have well I mean yes I know because you
know there's some merit operators get I
got like stuck on maokai duty and like
Nautilus so whatever these super tanks
and right now supports kind of just the
role that kind of autofill to whatever
the team needs to like I have like four
options and if I don't pick those I'm
controlling so there's obviously some
niche picks in the meta every now but
for the most part it's kind of hard to
shine unless you're on a play maker like
a star or likes maybe even recon
sometimes if you can pull it off
Blitzcrank yeah I don't know that was a
vote like I guess fly quest got forced
to blind Janna which I didn't really
understand and yeah I mean it might have
you picks blind Jenna I'm playing buts
crying to always the hope so so I hope
that they ban Thresh yeah I mean afro
quit really well on Thresh yesterday so
yeah I see it
do you think cloud9 can win the splint
yep definitely like we're doing pretty
well in scrims overall and on stage
obviously not including yesterday's game
against hundred thieves but I think
right now it's a toss-up
I think TSM is trying to become a lot
better now it's 100 thieves and echo fox
obviously is still a decent or pretty
good hundred uses first right now and
yeah I think it's going to be a race
between like us Michael Fox
Mei
I don't know what CL in TSM what's the
problem CLG man I don't even know I feel
like that roster has so much potential
like unscrambles played really really
well and I didn't really oh we have a
pretty hard time oh I wouldn't say that
they're just like really solid in scrims
and I guess they can't translate on a
stage was just kind of unfortunate but
yeah I mean it's the og hopefully they
can pull it off I playoffs yeah I mean
if they make it yeah if they make it
I've heard that you had to win like five
out of the whatever remaining games left
and that's gonna be rough because they
verse pretty top teams right now we'll
see you I mean maybe there's a jump back
in summer but so you're saying they sent
Lee look good in scrims they just can't
pull it out and on stage yeah I mean
they said in interviews in the past that
they were doing really well on stage as
well I mean in scrims as well and yeah
there's some truth in that but I guess
some teams have a harder time
translating on stage historically cloud
I never had that problem so I can't
really speak from experience but yeah
I'm not sure what's going on with them
we're good anything you want to say to
the fans oh I know I appreciate all the
fans like nominating me right now on
reddit saying that I'm the MVP material
it's a pretty big honor and I'd love to
be the first support in na to become a
VP but it'll be a pretty hard race
between like the other candidates like
door knocking honey
yeah but hopefully you guys keep
supporting me and I'll keep playing
better do you think you deserve an VP
over honey and Doc I'm not saying
anything job is you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
eSports right here on the YouTube
channel everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre team liquid interview I do so
many of those that he was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews
brought to you by Omni slash you can do
that right here on my youtube channel